README.md, before:

### Project Index

1. WebFlux:
    1. RestControllers


2. MongoDB Strategy:
    1. Reactive SpringDataMongoDB
        1. Crud
        2. Repo
        3. Template
    2. Services:
        1. Embed Objects
        2. Referencing
        3. _"Assemble"_ full objects
    3. Example Sources:
        1. [Spring Project](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples)
        2. Spring DataMongo


3. Application.Yml:
    1. Importation of properties:
        1. "@Value" annotation
        2. PropertySource
    2. Yml filesystem-Format
    3. Custom Logging.pattern.console


4. Application PROFILES:
    1. **Sufix:** Defining Application-sufix.Yml files
    2. **Annotations:** Selecting beans with specific Db properties
    3. **Groups:**
        1. Active group using _active-profile property_
        2. Grouping profiles [check link](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-profiles#4-profile-groups)


5. Docker:
    1. Compose
        1. _Specific file:_ **dev-compose.yml**
    2. Dockerfile
        1. _Specific file:_ **Dockerfile-dev**
    3. Batch Scripts:
        1. Parametric-scripts (env_variables)
            1. Parametric-scripts IDE execution
        2. Reusing bat-scripts:
            1. ex.: compose-up.bat using clean.bat


4. Testcontainers:
    * Containers:
      - Annotation (TcContainerConfig)
        - EX.: ResourceTransactionExcTest 
      - ContextConfiguration - initializers
        - EX.: ResourceTransactionTest 
    * Compose - Annotation


5. CRUD Strategy:
    1. OPTIMISTIC-LOCKING-UPDATE:
        1. Uses the 'VERSION-ANNOTATION' in the Java-Entity
        2. to prevent problems caused by 'CONCURRENT-UPDATES'
        3. EXPLANATION:
            1. The ENTITY-VERSION in the UPDATING-OBJECT
            2. must be the same ENTITY-VERSION as the DB-OBJECT


6. Architectural Strategy:
    * SOLID
    * Screaming Architecture
    * CDC: Contract driven development
    * Testability:
        * TDD/CDC: Controllers
        * Confirmation: Service
        * Reactive Queries


7. Spring Data  (findPostsByAuthor_Id)
    1. @Transactions
    2. Queries
        1. Derived:
            1. Simple
            2. Relationships
        2. Parameter
        3. Native
        4. Criteria
    3. Examples:
        1. [SpringaData Project](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples)
        2. [MongoDB](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples/tree/main/mongodb)
        3. [Reactive MongoDB](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples/tree/main/mongodb/reactive)


8. Project Organization:
    1. Crud (ReactiveCrudRepository)
    2. Repo (ReactiveMongoRepository)
    3. Template (ReactiveMongoTemplate):
        1. Templ
        2. Aggregations
        3. TemplChildArrays
            1. Element Arrays
            2. Child Objects Lists
        4. TemplCollections
            1. Operations in multiple collections


9. Bean Validation:
    1. Annotations - javax.validation.constraints:
        1. @NotEmpty
        2. @Positive


10. Exceptions:
    1. Global
    2. Custom
        1. Importation/validation of properties:
            1. @PropertySource
            2. @ConfigurationProperties:
                1. Automatic importation from PropertiesFile to Class-Instances-variables
                    1. Do not need "@Value" annotation


11. Tests - Junit 5:
    1. MultiThread/Parallel Test
       1. Aborted: Because server-costs in CI/CD
    2. RestAssured: 
       1. RestAssuredWebTestClient:
          1. Reactive RestAssured
       2. JsonSchemaValidator
          1. Validate Responses
    3. Ordered tests (Junit 5.8.2)

Commit message:

3.25) Implementing the API
-> CONCLUDED:
Test: Refactoring replicaset

-> WORKING:
ReplicaSet
 * profile-prod (3 nodes)
 * profile-dev (1 node)
Tests:
- tests in docker-container are incompatible with test-containers CAUSE application-t-container.yml
Grouping Configurations with @Import, in follow profiles:
- Dev

-> NEXT STEPS:
Cacheable
Modular Monolith
Jenkins Pipeline + Reverse Proxy

-> FUTURE IMPLEMENTATIONS:
Internationalization
Exceptions - identify (Http 500, 400, 200)
Upload: Pictures + Files
GPS
Push notifications
OAuth2/JWT authentication
Multiples DB's
Multi-Tenancy

README.md, after:

### Project Index

1. WebFlux:
    1. RestControllers


2. MongoDB Strategy:
    1. Reactive SpringDataMongoDB
        1. Crud
        2. Repo
        3. Template
    2. Services:
        1. Embed Objects
        2. Referencing
        3. _"Assemble"_ full objects
    3. Example Sources:
        1. [Spring Project](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples)
        2. Spring DataMongo


3. Application.Yml:
    1. Importation of properties:
        1. "@Value" annotation
        2. PropertySource
    2. Yml filesystem-Format
    3. Custom Logging.pattern.console


4. Application PROFILES:
    1. **Sufix:** Defining Application-sufix.Yml files
    2. **Annotations:** Selecting beans with specific Db properties
    3. **Groups:**
        1. Active group using _active-profile property_
        2. Grouping profiles [check link](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-profiles#4-profile-groups)


5. Docker:
    1. Compose
        1. _Specific file:_ **dev-compose.yml**
    2. Dockerfile
        1. _Specific file:_ **Dockerfile-dev**
    3. Batch Scripts:
        1. Parametric-scripts (env_variables)
            1. Parametric-scripts IDE execution
        2. Reusing bat-scripts:
            1. ex.: compose-up.bat using clean.bat


4. Testcontainers:
    * Containers:
      - Annotation (TcContainerConfig)
        - EX.: ResourceTransactionExcTest 
      - ContextConfiguration - initializers
        - EX.: ResourceTransactionTest 
    * Compose - Annotation


5. CRUD Strategy:
    1. OPTIMISTIC-LOCKING-UPDATE:
        1. Uses the 'VERSION-ANNOTATION' in the Java-Entity
        2. to prevent problems caused by 'CONCURRENT-UPDATES'
        3. EXPLANATION:
            1. The ENTITY-VERSION in the UPDATING-OBJECT
            2. must be the same ENTITY-VERSION as the DB-OBJECT


6. Architectural Strategy:
    * SOLID
    * Screaming Architecture
    * CDC: Contract driven development
    * Testability:
        * TDD/CDC: Controllers
        * Confirmation: Service
        * Reactive Queries


7. Spring Data  (findPostsByAuthor_Id)
    1. @Transactions
    2. Queries
        1. Derived:
            1. Simple
            2. Relationships
        2. Parameter
        3. Native
        4. Criteria
    3. Examples:
        1. [SpringaData Project](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples)
        2. [MongoDB](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples/tree/main/mongodb)
        3. [Reactive MongoDB](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples/tree/main/mongodb/reactive)


8. Project Organization:
    1. Crud (ReactiveCrudRepository)
    2. Repo (ReactiveMongoRepository)
    3. Template (ReactiveMongoTemplate):
        1. Templ
        2. Aggregations
        3. TemplChildArrays
            1. Element Arrays
            2. Child Objects Lists
        4. TemplCollections
            1. Operations in multiple collections


9. Bean Validation:
    1. Annotations - javax.validation.constraints:
        1. @NotEmpty
        2. @Positive


10. Exceptions:
    1. Exceptions must be in  Controller/Resource:
       1. Reason:
          1. Como stream pode ser manipulado por diferentes grupos de thread,          caso um erro aconteça em uma thread que não é a que operou a controller,              o ControllerAdvice não vai ser notificado "
          2. As stream can be handled by different thread groups, if an error happens on a thread other than the one that operated the controller, ControllerAdvice will not be notified "
       2. Source: medium.com/nstech/programa%C3%A7%C3%A3o-reativa-com-spring-boot-webflux-e-mongodb-chega-de
          -sofrer-f92fb64517c3 // github.com/netshoes/blog-spring-reactive
    2. Global
    3. Custom
        1. Importation/validation of properties:
            1. @PropertySource
            2. @ConfigurationProperties:
                1. Automatic importation from PropertiesFile to Class-Instances-variables
                    1. Do not need "@Value" annotation


11. Tests - Junit 5:
    1. MultiThread/Parallel Test
       1. Aborted: Because server-costs in CI/CD
    2. RestAssured: 
       1. RestAssuredWebTestClient:
          1. Reactive RestAssured
       2. JsonSchemaValidator
          1. Validate Responses
    3. Ordered tests (Junit 5.8.2)
